wife wife wife wake up huh what is it
the morning what time is it seven
o'clock in them on but it's early i'm
going back to sleep no you're not you
have to make me breakfast make yourself
breakfast I'm tired of making breakfast
that's woman's work fuck you I'm a male
I have a penis well your clitoris is
pretty big that's because it's not a
quit it's a penis Beatrice you so silly
if you have a penis then tell me have I
been poking your vagina because it's not
a vagina it's my asshole you always like
to play these games screw you jerk off
when I first met you you told me how
special then you would make me happy and
I know you were a psycho and poke me
these past five years bullshit you can't
even get it up and your penis is the
size of a tic tac but don't I make you
happy Beatrice Brian Jesus Christ aren't
you listening I hate you who do you
think you are I'm chimney the mountain
own your name is fan as far as I know
he's never been to a mountain I should
have married the room known at least
they go places all we do is see here all
day every day and whenever people pass
by and that's why I always have my mouth
covered I'm too embarrassed explain to
them that I'm the monkey nut covers his
eyes I cover my mouth because I'm tired
of talking Yuri we limp dick beaters you
disappointment you know I come from a
proud lineage of mountain nose Oh God
not this again my father was too back in
wealthy he owned in mine and fixes a
large mountains is all known that he was
the first Nome to start a multi-million
dollar crack cocaine mining company he
mine 100 tons of crack cocaine daily and
word is multi millions you're talking
about and then there was my grandfather
tomcat the wise he was so smart he once
played a chess game against five no six
no seven I thought you said it was 48
hey Grand Master Chief's and don't
forget my great-grandfather the greatest
of them all to wrap the adventures he
traveled too far off lands that no white
moments ever seen like a mountain
he traveled to the far reaches of dark
known land where he has on the foredeck
loop through it with doctors and
wrestled with Donkey Kong you see
Beatrice most girls will be more than
happy to marry into my family Brian how
many times do I have to tell you my name
is Brian wait a minute you're a man I
want a divorce